All right, the camera is rolling.
Welcome
to my podcast.
I don't have one, but this is the first
episode.
Today, I want to talk about a topic that's
a quite heated debate in the industry.
As a software engineer myself, I'm going
to try to convince you that most teams
should strictly ban not only writing code,
but also reviewing code.
Everything should be done through the
large language model layer, okay?
That may piss off a lot of people.
That's fine because there's nothing wrong
with being wrong.
When the AI bubble bursts, you can pull up
this video and laugh at me, at my face,
okay?
I believe that if you don't constantly
find yourself wrong, you're just not
learning, you're not growing, you're just
stuck in the same place, right?
So that's fine.
Okay.
There are a lot of like tips and tricks on
how to improve your productivity with the
large size models. That's not what we will
focus on today.
We're going to focus on a very high level
abstract core principles when working with
these. I actually don't think most people
are paying attention to the place where
they should be.
They're using large language models as a
library, not like a framework, not like an
operating system.
But talk is cheap. Everyone can talk.
What about the results? What can we
deliver?
What's the real impact in the real world?
So let's look at a demo.
which is exactly this very presentation or
podcast you're viewing.
The following monologue is for the coding
agent, not for the viewer.
Let me check my notes.
Yeah.
If the viewer is on desktop,
the video should have been played in full
screen with just a play button at the
beginning with the first frame as the
image, right?
Then the first part of the video should
just be like a video.
But right now, If it's on desktop, you
should start cropping the horizontal
aspect
ratio video
into a vertical layout, into a vertical
aspect ratio with a very smooth animation,
then place the frame at the left side of
the screen.
All right, so that's my right side.
Now on the main screen, you should show
this teleprompter style
scrolling text, which is the .VTT file
that's transcribed from this video.
showing exactly what I'm talking about at
this moment, right?
So make sure the text match with my audio.
Okay.
Now, well, actually, you know what?
Let's translate it to a different
language.
My native tongue is Mandarin Chinese.
So translate it to this entire transcript
and the website content that we will
display later
also to Mandarin Chinese, and now show a
language picker somewhere on the UI,
maybe next to the playhead, right?
Oh, right, the progress bar.
This is an interactive podcast where
there's the video element of it, then
there's
this interactive website you can interact,
play with.
When the users scrub on the progress bar,
they should
both scrub the video and the website
itself.
They should always be in sync, right?
So display that progress bar that the
design should be very minimal, very thin
line
with some dots representing each sections
and make the control and everything like
feel intuitive like YouTube, right?
Like,
yeah, just make it easy to use.
One thing to note is that if you're on
mobile,
you should like the video should have been
played as a vertical like
layout aspect ratio with me in the center
and then As you transition, instead of
putting it to the side, make it horizontal
and put it on the top, right?
The main content should be below
the video, right? Not to the side.
Okay, let's see. What else?
Yeah, about this presentation or podcast,
I guess.
Don't think of yourself as like a
corporate employee trying to make slides
presenting the leadership. That's not the
point.
Think of yourself as a Hollywood director
trying to tell a story.
The story, the marketing, that's what
matters, right?
You have to resonate with your user
or viewer, I guess.
Making this presentation fun is the number
one non-negotiable requirement.
If it's not fun, I will have to ask you to
redo it.
Okay. What else?
Okay, I think that's fine for now.
Oh, right.
I don't know what model I will be using to
transcribe this video yet, right?
It could be, I don't know, from EMEA, it
could be from Google, it could be from
OpenAI, the Whisper.
Use the
retrieving context skill
and the export transcript skill to read my
chat history with all the large anchor
models
use the rag, use the rag, don't just
search for the string, and find out which
model
I will be using at the time of this
recording and show that on the screen
so the viewers know.
Okay, so viewers,
what you just witnessed, this stage
setting part about this presentation,
that ties directly into what we're going
to talk about today, the open and close
loop.
I'm going to open the loop now by pausing
the video and work with
large-length models
to come up with the first draft.
I want to make sure that the design, the
style,
and the animation, the user experience is
smooth.
Then I'll come back and we can talk about
open and closed loops.
See you soon.